feat(js): Add ai agents module manual instrumentation docs for js (#14190)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/tracing/instrumentation/ai-agents-module.mdx

---
title: Instrument AI Agents
sidebar_order: 500
description: "Learn how to manually instrument your code to use Sentry's Agents module."
---

> As a prerequisite to setting up AI Agents, you'll need to first <PlatformLink to="/tracing/">set up tracing</PlatformLink>. Once this is done, the JavaScript SDK will automatically instrument AI agents created with supported libraries. If that doesn't fit your use case, you can use custom instrumentation described below.

Reviewer: Either in the description or this first section, can we give a brief blurb as to the reason or use case to instrument AI agents? Maybe something like updating the description to say, " . . . to use Sentry's Agents module to send span data to your AI Agent so you can automate debugging and performance improvements." I'm sure some of that is wrong but you get the idea :P

## Automatic Instrumentation

The JavaScript SDK supports automatic instrumentation for some AI libraries. We recommend adding their integrations to your Sentry configuration to automatically capture spans for AI agents.

> - [Vercel AI SDK](../../../configuration/integrations/vercelai)

Reviewer 2: This results in 404

## Manual Instrumentation

> If you're using a library that Sentry does not automatically instrument, you can manually instrument your code to capture spans. For your AI agents data to show up in the Sentry [AI Agents Insights](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/insights/agents/), a couple of spans must be created and have well-defined names and data attributes. See below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using a library that Sentry does not automatically instrument, you can manually instrument your code to capture spans. For your AI agents data to show up in the Sentry [AI Agents Insights](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/insights/agents/), two spans must be created and have well-defined names and data attributes. See below.
```

## Spans

### Invoke Agent Span

<Include name="tracing/ai-agents-module/invoke-agent-span" />

> #### Example Invoke Agent Span:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example of an Invoke Agent Span:
```
